Edits github-only files (#6405)
ldtteam/minecolonies: ABOUT.md

___
MineColonies is a free and open source mod developed by Let's Dev Together (LDT), a non-profit community. The source code is available on [GitHub](https://github.com/ldtteam/minecolonies). Our developers are a hard-working, well-integrated coding team, continuously adding more content to make the MineColonies experience even greater. However, we are always looking for more people to contribute to the mod, whether as a coder, builder, artist, voice actor, wiki editor, tester, or simply supporting us on [Patreon](https://https://www.patreon.com/minecolonies)!

Found a bug? Report it as an [issue](https://https://github.com/ldtteam/minecolonies/issues/new/choose) to help us give you the best gaming experience. If you have any questions or just want to join the conversation, check us out on [Discord](https://discord.minecolonies.com)!
___

## Our Team

### Project Leads

> * Raycoms – Lead Lead Dev, Programming, and Active Maintainer

Reviewer: Double Lead?

Reviewer 2: Outdated

> * AshersLab – Programming and Active Maintainer

Reviewer 2: move Asher please after Orion and Someaddons

Author: Sure (I only put them in that order to make it alphabetical)

Reviewer 2: I like to have it by project arrival time.

* OrionOnline - Programming, Build System Engineer, and Active Maintainer
* Someaddons - Programming, Pathfinding, Performance, and Active Maintainer
* Pmardle – Founder, Project Management (inactive)
* Flaminyogurt – Programming and Management (inactive)
* Kostronor – Programming and Management (inactive)

> ### Programming

Reviewer 3: Might be a bit less specific on these, most of these guys do other stuff too lol. plus less specific means we don't need to update it as often =P

Author: ```
### Programming
* Gattsuru - Research System Development and General Programming
* JiaYow - General Programming
* Mekle - Recipe System Development and General Programming
* Minecraftschurli - Worker Development and General Programming
* Nightenom - Structurize Development and General Programming
* PowerSchill - General Programming
* ShadowProtocol - UI/UX Development, Linguistics, and General Programming
* ToMe25 - General Programming
```
like so?

Reviewer 3: yup looks better

# About MineColonies 

> MineColonies is an interactive building mod that allows you to create your own thriving town within Minecraft. It lets your leadership skills soar by providing you with everything you need to build your kingdom. MineColonies gives you the flexibility to create a colony as unique as every player. With so many options, you'll create a different colony every time, adapt it to any biome, build inside a mountain, on top of one, under the ocean, or in the sky.

Reviewer 4: I would treat this more as an elevator pitch; you are wanting to express what sets this mod apart, and what are the key features.
Town-building is a genre, so I would leave that in.
"[letting] your leadership skills soar" isn't really a feature of the game. More like an iRL soft skill.
Also, under the ocean? My style is bout 20% complete, don't know about yours. Misleading marketing there.

```suggestion
MineColonies is an interactive town-building mod that allows you to create your own thriving colony within Minecraft. With 50+ buildings in over 20 styles to construct and level up, and NPC workers to employ and up-skill, MineColonies gives you the flexibility to create a unique colony every time. Adapt to any biome, whether on a mountain, under the ground, or in the nether.
```

Author: Yeah this was pretty much copypasta from wiki index. I'll change it

The limit is your imagination!

MineColonies features NPC workers such as Builders, Farmers, Fishers, Foresters, Guards, Miners, Smelters, Bakers, Cooks, Couriers, five types of animal herders, Composters, and many more, with even more being developed and added as the mod grows.

It also includes specialized buildings such as the Warehouse, House, Town Hall, Barracks, Library, University, and even the School.

### Governance

> You have full control of how to build your town. You determine how many workers you want or need, what type of workers, where they will live, and hire or fire as you see fit, creating a colony at your own pace. It is your village to design and develop; you are the designer, administrator, and boss.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
You have full control of how to build your town. You determine how many workers you want or need, what type of workers, where they will live, and hire or fire as you see fit, expanding at your own pace. It is your colony to design and develop; you are the designer, administrator, and boss.
```

Found a bug? Report it as an [issue](https://https://github.com/ldtteam/minecolonies/issues/new/choose) to help us give you the best gaming experience. If you have any questions or just want to join the conversation, check us out on [Discord](https://discord.minecolonies.com)!
___

## Our Team

### Project Leads
* Raycoms – Lead Lead Dev, Programming, and Management
* AshersLab – Programming and Management
* OrionOnline - Programming, Build System Engineer, and Management
* Someaddons - Programming, Pathfinding, Performance, and Management
* Pmardle – Founder, Project Management (inactive)
* Flaminyogurt – Programming and Management (inactive)
* Kostronor – Programming and Management (inactive)

### Programming
* Gattsuru - Research System Developer
* JiaYow - General Programming
* Mekle - Recipe System Developer
* Minecraftschurli - Beekeeper and Witch
* Nightenom - Structurize
* PowerSchill - General Programming

> * ShadowProtocol - UI and Resident Historical Linguist

Reviewer 4: ``UI / UX development and linguistics`` would do. Though I dabble in etymology (language history) I never claimed to be an expert!

Lot's of unnecessary capitals around this area.

Some of these roles you've displayed as a title, but others by what they've contributed. As it stands you could be calling Minecraftschurli a beekeeper and witch! How about just ``Worker development`` there? And Gattsuru to ``Research system development`` and Night to ``Structurize development``

* ToMe25 - General Programming

> * Ravenbuilder934 (minor)

Reviewer 4: Many of us have made minor contributions outside of our standard field of expertise. Maybe just stick to your most prominent role.
